OSSMDOC-217: Initial Service Mesh deployment model documentation. (#33203)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ossm-deploy-single-mesh.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
// * service_mesh/v2x/ossm-deploy-mod-v2x.adoc

[id="ossm-deploy-single-mesh_{context}"]

> = Single mesh deployment model

Reviewer: I'm not entirely sure what to do with this one. It's sort of overlapping with single tenant-- "single mesh" isn't really a deployment model other than "you have a mesh but you didn't federate it with another"

Author: Until we roll out Federation it's the only option customers currently have.  And customers don't have to federate their meshes if they don't want to.

[role="_abstract"]
The simplest Istio deployment model is a single mesh.

> Within a mesh, service names are unique. For example, only one service can have the name `myservice` in the `mynamespace` namespace. Additionally, workload instances share a common identity since service account names are unique within a namespace, just like service names.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
While service names within a mesh must be unique (Kubernetes only allows one service to be named `myservice` in the `mynamespace` namespace), workload instances may share a common identity since service account names may be shared across workloads in the same namespace.
```
